(Watch on KonFlix.vip)
(Support Admin Watch on kisskh.one)
This is the biggest event
of the century!
I can't believe they are
going to make their debut
in Japan so soon!
- Here...
- It's coming...
Ryo's expression is perfect!
That was TORINNER, making their
first appearance on Japanese TV.
Please say a few words
to the Japanese audience.
- Okay.
- Hi, everyone.
- We're TORINNER.
- Nice to meet you.
They're so handsome!
You just debuted in Korea last month
and your Asia tour
was a huge success.
You're very popular!
Thank you.
- It's all thanks to our fans.
- Oh, my gosh!
Ryo is so handsome today, too!
- We'll do our best
to deliver a bouquet
of music to our fans.
Please root for us.
- Please root for us.
- Do your best!
- Do your best! You're so hot!
Attention seeker.
POPULAR K-POP GROUP'S
FIRST APPEARANCE ON JAPANESE TV
They've gotten so good.
Their skills are insane.
Yes, you might not stand a chance.
They are much better than you
in terms of
performance, looks,
and above all, charisma.
Hey, Mr. Azuma! How can you say that?
We've come all this way to Japan,
but TORINNER...
After all, we're the leftovers
that weren't chosen there.
Guys, you shouldn't give up.
Well, some things just can't
be overcome with effort alone.
You're lucky to learn this truth
about life at such a young age.
Mr. Azuma!
Ryo is as cool as ever, though.
At the start of your day
to cheer you up while traveling.
Listen to it to motivate yourself
before studying...
Don't worry about it.
We performed at TGC,
and we got a lot of media attention.
Also, you'll be interviewed
tomorrow morning
and you'll record a music show
next week.
Yes, that's right.
Right? So sleep well tonight,
and do your best tomorrow.
- Yes, ma'am!
Well done.
She made them perform
on a TV show
as soon as they arrived in Japan
to show people how busy they are.
That's our Ms. Park!
You flatter me.
It's all thanks
to your influence, Mr. Choi.
Talents gather where the money is,
and money gathers talents.
The one who has these two
has all the power.
It's cruel, but this is the reality.
You're right.
However
the person who holds the power
is responsible for shaping the era.
Deliver hope
and excitement to the world.
This is what you and TORINNER
should do in the future.
Understand?
It's your life's purpose.
Certainly, sir.
Guys, let's give it our all!
- Yes!
You'll be interviewed
as a promising new group
so be as charming as possible.
- Okay!
I'll go check us in.
Isn't this our first interview?
- Yes!
- That's right!
Guys, don't be nervous.
- Stay calm.
- What?
Hey!
You're the one walking so stiffly.
What? The interview is canceled?
I'm sorry, but why so suddenly?
Sorry, our plan changed suddenly.
But you asked to interview us--
That's true, but...
We'll interview them next time.
What? Wait.
I'm sorry!
No, this isn't your fault, Minase.
Still, why was it suddenly canceled?
Here we go again.
Do you mean Park is behind it?
Weren't all your interviews
in Korea canceled, too?
They've decided to break into Japan
so they're probably
targeting you again.
How can they do that?
Dear Miss Minase
The group's performance
next week is canceled.
- No way!
- What's wrong?
The recording of the music show
next week...
They want to cancel it.
- No way.
- Seriously?
The music show, too?
Well, there's no point staying here.
Let's go back and have a meeting.
Hey, fancy seeing you guys here.
I remember your group has
a weird name. What was it again?
Let me think...
"NAME"?
"NENDO"?
Yuya.
You seem to be doing well.
Are you Mr. Azuma, NAZE's producer?
It's an honor to meet you.
Hello.
Did you watch
our performance last night?
They asked us to perform live
on our first day in Japan
so it was tough to arrange it.
What about you?
Are you here for an interview?
Yes. Strangely enough,
it was canceled at the last minute.
Isn't it an adult's responsibility
to show the reality
to kids who aren't qualified
to dream?
Isn't that rude...
I agree with you.
How admirable.
I can't believe
you still aim to be idols.
But be honest with me.
Isn't it getting tough?
I'll put you out of your misery soon.
Big companies have big expectations.
It must be tough.
For both you and your boys.
Be careful not to be crushed.
I'm sorry this had to happen
when we've finally met after so long.
Yuya.
All our interviews
have been canceled!
What should we do?
They won't gain traction!
That means I won't be able
to pay off my debt!
Oh, stop panicking.
That darn woman...
She got in my way in Korea,
and now in Japan as well?
Darn it! There's nowhere to run.
Excuse me!
Please have a look at this!
"A 10-Round Battle
Between TORINNER and NAZE"?
We lost all the visual battles.
We also lost all the fashion battles.
Height, vocal skills
dancing skills, physical abilities
intellect, masculinity
potential...
We lost in all categories.
They even have over ten times
more followers than NAZE.
It almost feels refreshing
to be defeated so badly.
That woman...
Park Ji-soo used
her money and influence
and had someone publish
this fake article!
I won't forgive her!
That's definitely it!
It's so unfair
for a big agency to do this!
Unfair!
"CEO of NAZE's agency
Causes a Scene at the Airport!"
"Is This Her Way of Sabotaging
TORINNER, Their Rivals?"
I'll punish the traitor!
Sabotage? That's an exaggeration.
"Rumor has it that TORINNER's Ryo,
the best-looking man
of the century,
has a younger brother in NAZE."
It's not a rumor. He actually exists.
They don't look
very much alike, though.
"However, our reporter couldn't find
any member
who looked like Ryo," or so it says.
What?
Are your eyes just for show?
Compare looks.
Wait, so this old lady is the CEO
of another group?
The one we saw back then?
- Seriously?
- Hey, look at this.
TRAITOR
- What's that?
- Isn't it crazy?
- That's horrible!
- It's insane!
I've never even heard of NAZE.
TORINNER's rival?
Who do they think they are?
Right?
I can't believe brothers with
the same parents can be so different.
I guess you took
all the good qualities.
Yuya has many good qualities.
What?
Besides, weren't you
his fellow trainee a while ago?
Don't talk
about your friend like this.
Come again? My friend?
What a nice big brother you are!
Fellow trainees?
Friends? Don't be ridiculous.
Don't lump me in
with mediocre guys like them!
And Ryo, maybe you think
you're TORINNER's center
but I won't accept it!
I refuse to!
All you have are your looks.
You just got lucky with your genes.
Hey, Yeon-woo, stop it.
Don't let it get to your head
or I'll crush you.
Just stop it.
We've decided on
your debut song in Japan.
So, it's Japan after Korea,
after all.
What? Got a problem?
No, it's just...
We were told it was the US at first.
Why Japan?
Loyalty is a national trait
of the Japanese people.
You'll first build
a strong fandom in Japan
and that will take you
to your worldwide debut later.
- Yes.
Of course, you must get first place
in the debut ranking.
So from this moment onwards,
you must not
make any mistake
before your debut.
Aside from your performance
everything from your traveling attire
to the angle of your smile
must be controlled perfectly.
Do you hear me?
- Yes.
Come with me.
Only Ryo again?
Actually, I want you
to do something for me.
It's making me more depressed
when they compare us like this.
RUMOR HAS IT THAT TORINNER'S RYO
HAS A YOUNGER BROTHER IN NAZE
- Ryo!
- What?
- What's up?
- Why are you here?
Ryo said he wanted to see you all.
I'm sorry for the rude remarks
earlier today.
No, it wasn't your fault, Ryo.
Right, guys?
That's right! It was Yeon-woo
and Ms. Park.
They've always been
nasty people. Right?
- Exactly!
- It's okay.
Thank you, guys.
Leave.
You're just apologizing
to make yourself feel better.
We don't have time to entertain
your self-satisfaction.
Yuya, don't talk
to your brother like that.
I didn't just come to apologize.
I came with a great offer.
Great offer?
Will you perform at our live
performance as our special guests?
Live performance?
- Really?
- Live performance?
It'll be our first live performance
in Japan
so we want to use this opportunity
to liven things up with NAZE.
- Isn't this great?
- Really?
There's no way
Ms. Park will allow that.
Impossible.
Ms. Park will be back in Korea
by then, so she won't be here.
So we want to do it in secret.
Really? What about money, then?
Who will pay the expenses?
Our agency is hosting this event,
so you can just perform as guests.
In other words, it's free?
It's free.
Ryo, dear!
I knew you'd be the only one
I could count on! Thank you--
There's no way we're doing that!
I bet this time they'll write that
TORINNER is also way better than us
in live performances, right?
Yuya.
Don't make fools
of my friends anymore.
Isn't that great? Let's do it.
Mr. Azuma.
We can promote ourselves
to TORINNER's fans, and it's free.
We have to do it. Right, CEO?
Well, I suppose so, but...
Thank you for the great offer,
Yuya's big brother.
I'm Ryo.
I'm very sorry
about upsetting you today.
Don't worry about it.
I talked to Mr. Azuma. They'll do it.
Okay.
Once I get them on the stage
it'll practically be over for them.
What do you mean?
Our company has
many world-famous groups.
As a junior to these groups
their fans will automatically root
for TORINNER
when you make your debut in Japan.
Now, you only need to show them
your performance
is in a totally different league.
It should be easy enough
with your true abilities.
NAZE is nothing more
but our group's leftovers.
Even if they sing
and dance with all their might
the audience will remain silent.
They'll be torn to shreds
on social media.
That will be the end for them.
Once they shamelessly step on stage,
it's the end for them.
What a nasty prank!
You must be Ryo. Hello.
I'm a reporter for this magazine.
My name is Kazamatsuri.
A silent audience.
My heart breaks
just from imagining that.
Oh, poor NAZE!
Ms. Park.
Here is the invoice.
Only a handful of people
can achieve their dreams.
It's a kindness
to make them realize that early.
10 DAYS TO NAZE'S
FIRST LIVE PERFORMANCE
Let's do our best
for NAZE's first live performance.
- Yes!
I want to send a video of our
performance to my sister in Korea.
- Sure!
- I'd like to show my family
in Thailand, too.
They sent me some messages yesterday.
I believe you can make
your dreams come true!
I'm sure they'll be delighted.
- Gosh!
- Nice!
- So cute!
- It really is in Thai!
- Right!
- Yuya? Are you okay?
Yes, I'm okay.
Let's show Ryo
how much we've improved.
Yes. Thank you, Turn.
They'll use the power of their agency
to mobilize a large crowd.
That means we'll be
in unfamiliar territory.
You'll be surrounded by enemies
when you're on the stage.
Really? That's rough.
Those people know nothing about you.
So, what should you do
to make them interested in you?
To do so, the most important thing is
to know yourselves.
Know ourselves?
How do others see you?
What are your selling points?
Find out before the live performance.
But how do we do that?
I hereby call this
Operation
"Can We Make 1,000 Friends?"
- A thousand friends?
- Please have a look.
- We're NAZE.
- We have a live performance soon.
- Have a look.
Please have a look!
We're NAZE, a K-pop group!
Please sign your name on the board
if you would like to root for us.
- Thank you! We're NAZE!
- Hey.
This is super embarrassing.
- Is there any point to this?
- Thank you.
We even have to get 1,000 signatures.
Guys!
For the time being, let's trust
Mr. Azuma and do our best.
Go!
- Go!
- Please have a look!
- We're NAZE, a K-pop group!
You're Korean,
but you're doing K-pop in Japan?
Well, there's a reason for that...
He is an amazing singer.
You'll be surprised
- so please come to our show!
- Please!
A live performance?
But I already have my favorites.
I'll have to spend time and money.
I prefer to catch up on sleep
on my days off.
I'm sorry. Good luck!
- Thank you.
What? You're not Korean?
No.
There are so many Japanese people
pretending to be Korean idols lately.
I'm sorry.
Hello, we're NAZE, a K-pop group.
We'll be performing live,
so please come and watch.
We look forward to seeing you.
K-pop idols?
You? But don't you look a bit plain?
Right? We want our idols
to look like princes, right?
- Someone like TORINNER's Ryo.
- Gosh!
- His looks are genius!
- National treasure level.
- Yes, he's my favorite!
- He's amazing, right?
So hot!
But this boy here
looks pretty exotic.
- Where are you from?
- Thailand.
A Thai boy doing K-pop? Why?
Why? I...
I've loved it since I was a kid.
Still, why go out of your way
to do Korean music?
Yes, it feels a bit off
when a Thai boy does K-pop, right?
Yes.
- Well, whatever.
- Don't worry about it.
Good luck.
YUYA
What's wrong with those women?
They're so mean!
The world is so harsh.
"You lack charm." "A Japanese person
pretending to be Korean."
"Thai people don't suit K-pop."
They're so unreasonable!
Just empty criticism!
They should provide evidence
when they criticize people. Right?
Just calm down.
Getting upset about it now
won't help.
I know, but...
Mr. Azuma, do they have to continue
making those 1,000 friends?
I'm against it.
Making the boys listen to strangers
and their thoughtless opinions
is just going to hurt them.
But don't the opinions reflect
NAZE's reality right now?
No evidence is stronger than that.
Well...
If someone asked you
to root for a random stranger
would you want to?
To be accepted by others
they first need to understand
who they are.
Sure, they'll hear things
they don't want to
but that's unavoidable.
Go home and rest today.
I'll stay and work.
What?
This is it.
Good morning.
Hey.
Good morning...
"Yearbooks, family photos,
home videos..."
Morning.
Good morning.
You stayed here last night?
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm okay.
I came up with a great idea.
Could you quickly gather
the things on the list?
What, these?
Morning!
- Good morning.
- Hey.
We'll be using this
as the costume concept
for the live performance.
Are you serious?
I've never seen stage costumes
like these before.
Right?
Wait, where are you going?
Grocery shopping.
We'll be having a party tonight.
TORINNER is so hot today!
Ryo, you're so cute!
Are they having
a live performance already?
The managing team is so capable!
Wait, they've set up a fan club.
What? I want an early slot!
How is the preparation for the first
live performance in Japan going?
Over 10,000 people have applied
to join the fan club.
The whole audience in the venue
will root for TORINNER.
In addition,
the article we published beforehand
made many fans see NAZE
as their enemies, as we wanted.
In other words?
As you've instructed,
NAZE will be crushed
in this live performance.
It doesn't matter how much it costs.
Just make sure
you make absolutely no mistakes.
Okay.
I don't want anything to go wrong...
and end up losing you.
Yes. Certainly, sir.
We'll make sure NAZE disappears
after the next live performance.
What? Disappear?
I don't see them as your rivals
but it'd be annoying if they get
in the way of your Japan debut.
You only need to do one thing.
Show the audience an overwhelming
difference in your abilities.
Use your perfect performance
to show them you're
on a different level from NAZE.
- Yes.
Absolutely no mistakes are allowed.
Make very sure about that.
If anyone makes a mistake
he'll be removed
from TORINNER at once.
- What?
- Let's go!
- Excuse me!
Do you have a minute?
I'm Kimkun,
a member of a group called NAZE.
- Please have a look.
- Please root for us.
Hello, we're NAZE.
Please have a look.
We're K-pop group, NAZE.
- Come here!
- We'll have a live performance soon.
How many times do I need to tell you?
The newbie just needs
to clean and do the dishes.
You aren't allowed to cook yet!
- But--
- Leave if you don't like it.
You can be a chef
in your own country!
How dare you sneak out ingredients?
I'm the one who's going
to get yelled at by the owner!
I believe you can make
your dreams come true!
Aren't you cold?
Yuya.
You can't really see
the stars from here.
I've always wanted
to become a K-pop star.
When I was working in Thailand
I was extremely poor
but I held on to the dream
of being in K-pop someday
and that kept me going.
All the K-pop artists I looked up to
were Koreans.
I came to Korea
hoping to be like them.
I practiced hard,
with almost no time to sleep.
But...
I wonder...
Am I not allowed to be
in a K-pop group because I'm Thai?
Would it be better...
if I weren't in NAZE?
That's not true.
Turn, you're an amazing dancer.
My brother is Japanese,
but he's popular.
Nationality doesn't matter.
But I...
My looks...
My singing skills...
My dancing skills...
There's nothing I can be proud of.
Ever since I was a child, I've wanted
to be like my big brother.
But no matter how hard I try,
I can never be better than him.
Maybe I shouldn't...
have the same dream as my brother.
Hey, the miserable guys over there,
dinner is ready.
Today, it's a special dish
made by the genius chef, Azuma.
- Be careful.
- It's so dark.
Is everyone here?
- Mr. Azuma said we should sit here.
- Be careful.
- Yes. Over here. Be careful.
- What's this?
Thank you for waiting.
This is today's specialty.
Goodness, it's scary!
Why is it so dark?
This is a traditional
Japanese man's meal
Japanese Yaminabe!
Yaminabe?
It's something like a game
where we'd gather around a hot pot
and see who is the bravest.
We'll blindly throw in
various things in the dark.
The rule is, you must eat
whatever your chopsticks touch.
Pranksters like to
put terrible things
like frogs or shoe soles
but you must never show fear.
The Japanese man's meal
that tests your courage.
That's Yaminabe!
I don't want to eat that!
- Are Japanese people crazy?
- We don't like it, either!
Silence, all of you!
You won't eat what I cooked?
You're fired, then!
Disband now! You bunch of idiots!
He's so unreasonable!
True patience is enduring
what cannot be endured.
Just try it.
L-Let's eat.
- I'm digging in.
Let's eat.
What? It's good!
- Yum!
- Not bad.
- Absolutely delicious!
- Delicious!
- It's Korean blood sausage. Right?
- I taste Japanese squid rice!
There's Thai moo ping, too!
Delicious! I want more!
- Delicious!
- So good!
The special Yaminabe
is delicious, isn't it?
- Yes!
Allow me, the genius chef Azuma,
to explain it to you, mere mortals.
I used various food ingredients
from Korea, Thailand, and Japan
and dozens of condiments, like miso,
soy sauce, kimchi, and nam pla
to create
this ultimate mixed hot pot.
Mixed?
In Japan, we describe people
sharing the same experience
as "eating from the same pot."
How do you say it in Korean?
(Korean)
We have the same phrase in Thai.
(Thai)
Every country has a similar phrase.
Interesting.
Ever since you guys
were trainees in Seoul
you've been living together
and eating the same food every day.
It isn't just food.
You've experienced moments
of happiness and sadness
and overcame challenges together.
Do your nationalities
really matter now?
By combining various food ingredients
we created a flavor
unique to this pot
that can't be found
anywhere else in the world.
Kimchi alone is spicy,
and nam pla alone is salty.
But if we make good use
of their characteristics and mix them
we create something that
is greater than the sum of its parts.
Only the seven of you can create
this one-of-a-kind flavor.
And I'm here as the chef
to bring out that flavor.
My seasoning will gradually
enhance your flavor.
The origins of the ingredients
don't matter.
There's no need to compare yourself
to others or imitate them, either.
We'll bring out our unique flavor
with our own power.
That's all that matters.
Together
let's create our own hot pot.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Azuma.
I went to the market early in the
morning and spent all day making this
just to get this point across!
So you'd better eat it all.
- Yes, sir!
The origins of the ingredients
don't matter at all.
Our unique flavor.
I'm here!
- Welcome back!
Gosh, something smells delicious!
Minase, your timing is perfect.
Eat with us.
What's this?
The special hot pot
made by the genius chef, Azuma.
It's got frog, shoe sole,
plush toys--
I'm not going to eat that!
Have they arrived?
I was told that
these are the stage costumes.
Is this really what you ordered?
They're perfect.
I call this "The Yaminabe Show".
THE DAY OF THE PERFORMANCE
- Isn't the merch this time awesome?
- I know!
It's awesome, right?
I don't see any of our fans.
Today's show is special.
Mr. Choi Ki-young
and the world will be watching.
If you make a mistake,
you'll be fired immediately.
Show them a perfect performance.
- Okay!
Goodness! He's so handsome today!
Thank you for existing!
Ryo is so cool.
I hate to admit it,
but they're impressive.
Ryo, I'll destroy you.
His dance moves are different!
Yeon-woo.
Was that intentional?
You're finished.
With that foot...
He won't be able to jump.
We have to change the choreography.
What's going on?
What should I do?
LOOK AT ME FOR 3 SECONDS
You're so naive.
- Come on, gather around.
- Together!
Okay.
TORINNER's performance was amazing.
But...
We just need to put on a performance
that only we can do.
- Yes!
Okay, let's go!
Our very own dream stage!
Ready, go!
- NAZE!
TORINNER was amazing.
I'm exhausted from all that cheering.
Today's show was great.
- Let's go home.
- Okay.
I'm satisfied.
What's playing?
You get attention-seeking rookies
like them from time to time.
I didn't see this coming.
Darn those leftovers.
Amazing!
Wait, they're kind of cute.
Wow, the audience
is paying attention.
Nobody will root for you
if they don't know who you are.
So we'll just tell them who NAZE is.
They turned the crisis
into an opportunity.
Is Azuma behind this?
All right. This is where it begins.
Hey, NAZE is kind of cute!
I feel warm and fuzzy inside.
You're so cute!
Ready, go!
- Thank you!
You're so cute!
The performance was awesome!
That's our genius.
Now, it's time
for the finishing touch.
Would you look at that?
You're here, Ms. Park?
We were told that our performance
would be kept a secret from you.
Let's go.
Let's consider today's result a draw.
But...
I won't forgive anyone
who makes a fool of my friends.
I'll knock you out
if you do that again.
He's so cool!
The performance was great.
I'm impressed.
I'm so sorry.
I lied to you.
Don't worry about that.
It was obvious from the start.
But if you keep holding each other
back with stupid tricks on the stage
we'll pull ahead of you in no time.
What?
He would've been badly injured
if he had done that acrobatic move.
You noticed that much?
You have more than just your looks.
That's the brother Yuya is proud of.
Let's go.
You have a great team.
Right?
But...
we won't lose next time.
That's my line.
Hey, Azuma!
- What's up?
- The other day
you said we'd make our hot pot.
Does that mean
you want us to be a family?
What?
How did you reach that conclusion?
Was that actually
a proposal in disguise?
You're an idiot.
So, the two of them are still...
Okay, things are going to get busy
from here on out.
- Yes, sir!
NAZE, let's go!
- Let's go!
- Go!
This Empress of Japanese Showbiz
invited me to fight alongside her!
There must be a catch. Don't do it.
I discovered the boys
who debuted as TORINNER!
Gossip articles keep popping up.
She must want to get rid of
both TORINNER and NAZE.
There's nothing I can do this time.